bugfix: restrict replace option when inserting unique job (#744)
sorentwo/oban: README.md

`scheduled_at`.

```elixir
UrgentWorker.new(args, schedule_in: 1, replace: [scheduled: [:scheduled_at]])
```

> NOTE: If you use this feature to replace a field (e.g. `args`) in the `executing`
> state by doing something like: `UniqueWorker.new(new_args, replace: [executing:
> [:args]])` keep in mind that Oban will update the field or fields, but the Oban
> executor runs with the old values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you use this feature to replace a field (e.g. `args`) in the `executing` state by doing
something like: `UniqueWorker.new(new_args, replace: [executing: [:args]])` Oban will update the
`args`, but the job will continue executing with the original value.
```
